welcome to the man of recaps I'm the man
of recaps and this is the Bachelorette
week seven the king is in Latvia which
is a country and the first solo date
goes to Garrett the golfer we haven't
seen too much of him so far he seems to
be a generically cool guy but today he
gets the spotlight because he and Hannah
are going bungee jumping naked
apparently that's a tradition in LA via
but it also might be the producers just
making stuff up either way Hannah and
Garrett go for it woohoo this adventure
instantly bonds them he still had a
great day the next day is a group date
through the Latvia market I think one of
they it's a really fun time until Hannah
talks about the naked bungee jumping and
you know who doesn't like that Luke P in
an effort to be more real with Hannah
and open about his feelings he tells her
that he doesn't like it but he uses some
freezing's like hey I'll forgive you
even if you make boneheaded mistakes it
seems like the way he really feels is
that she already belongs to him so
getting naked with other guys is
basically cheating bro you're on The
Bachelorette this is how it goes Hannah
doesn't respond to later in the episode
where she basically says hey it's my
body you don't own me I'm gonna show
with a bunch of hot guys I'm gonna do
what I want
now the next one-on-one day is with
pilot Peter just like golfer Garrett
they have alliterative names and jobs
they get to do some sort of traditional
latvian spa ceremony which is basically
rub yourself with salad dressing and get
in the sauna Peter immediately starts
making out he's a forward guy we've seen
him push her against the wall back in
the beginning and then on the pool table
it is hot and steamy and Hannah liked it
a lot but late that night singer Jed is
up to something he's been a front-runner
top one or two for sure but he didn't
really get to see Hannah this week so he
goes to her balcony and serenades her
and he sneaks in a little secret makeout
sesh now if you thought the drama
between Luca P and the guys was over you
are wrong
Garrett confronts Luke about confronting
Hanna about their naked bungee jumping
last episode Hanna used the phrase stay
in your lane to mean hey don't worry
about the other guys just focus on your
relationship with me the guys have taken
that phrase and run with it that was
coming out of your
I'm not getting in your lane we're just
saying you're not staying in your lane
he thinks I'm getting his lane I'm not
saying you you you you keep doing you
it's kind of hilarious
so headed into the rose ceremony there's
a few guys still who haven't gotten that
much screen time and those are the ones
that go home and the question again will
Luke P stick around yeah he's still in
at least another week the other guys are
not happy but Hannah's holding on to
that initial spark they had hoping that
he'll turn it around they can rekindle
it follow me on Twitter and Instagram to
see my one-minute episodes I cut them
down to one minute it's a really funny
way to watch it until next time man if
recaps out
[Music]